feat(payzen): add basic payzen doc (#846)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/03-extensions/payzen/index.mdx

---
title: "Payzen"
description:
  "The Payzen extension allows customer to pay using Payzen."
---

<p>{frontMatter.description}</p>

:::danger

> This extension is only compatible with Magento1/OpenMage, we are working on bring compatibility to Magento2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is only compatible with Magento1/OpenMage, we are working on Magento2 compatibility before 3.4.0.
```

Author: Fixed with your suggestion

:::

## Installation

First, you need to install the `@front-commerce/payzen` package:

```bash title="Command to install @front-commerce/payzen"

> $ pnpm install @front-commerce/payzen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pnpm add @front-commerce/payzen
```

It seems that most of our install commands are incorrect. Can you followup with a fix on `main` for the other ones please?
